So one way that you can, you know, improve morale if given. Ah, challenging
task that's unexpected is it actually starts way ahead of that.
And that's you've got to kind of create foster a culture within your
team that is used to having to deal with the unexpected, and they
understand why they're having to do it in the long run. So, um, you
know, when they do get throw these thrown these curveballs, they're
used to that. And they understand that in the bigger scope, there's
a reason why they're having to stay late to work on something last
minute because they have to accomplish an overarching objective or mission
or purpose. But the only way that you can get them to start thinking
that way is by having already fostered that kind of culture
earlier on, um, you know, prior to coming up with these these difficult
situations